Create debug.md (#257)
Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure: docs/debug.md

# Troubleshooting

> The following is a (growing) list of possible errors you might run in to when setting up the CSI Driver provider for auzre, along with recommendations for remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a (growing) list of possible errors you might run in to when setting up the Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver , along with recommendations for remediation.
```

> The following is a (growing) list of possible errors you might run in to when setting up the CSI Driver provider for auzre, along with recommendations for remediation.

Reviewer: nit: add new line

Author: Below the Troubleshooting header or do you mean another below the intro?

## Container deployment failing with "failed to find provider binary azure"
### Symptom

> When attempting to install your service that leverages the newly created SecretProvider, your container deployment might not succeed. If you run `kubectl describe pod my_pod` you might see something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application pod mount fails when deployed with `SecretProviderClass`. Running `kubectl describe pod <pod name>` contains the error `err: failed to find provider binary azure, err: stat /etc/kubernetes/secrets-store-csi-providers/azure/provider-azure: no such file or directory`
```

```
Events:
  Type     Reason       Age                            From                                        Message
  ----     ------       ----                           ----                                        -------
  Normal   Scheduled    <invalid>                      default-scheduler                           Successfully assigned default/nginx-secrets-store-inline to aks-agentpool-36317948-vmss000001
  Warning  FailedMount  <invalid> (x3 over <invalid>)  kubelet, aks-agentpool-36317948-vmss000001  MountVolume.SetUp failed for volume "secrets-store-inline" : rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to mount secrets store objects for pod default/nginx-secrets-store-inline, err: failed to find provider binary azure, err: stat /etc/kubernetes/secrets-store-csi-providers/azure/provider-azure: no such file or directory
```

> Particularly this part: **_err: failed to find provider binary azure_**

Reviewer: nit: we can remove this

> ### Explanation

Reviewer: nit: s/Explanation/Reason

> This means the keyvault provider was not installed as part of the CSI driver installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the Azure Key Vault provider was not installed as part of the installation.
```

### Solution

> If the CSI driver was installed via helm, uninstall it and reinstall from the correct package found [here](https://github.com/Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure/blob/master/charts/csi-secrets-store-provider-azure/README.md)

Reviewer: nit: s/CSI driver/Secrets Store CSI Driver

> If installed via deployment files, follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure/blob/master/docs/install-yamls.md) to install the keyvault provider

Reviewer: nit: s/keyvault provider/Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver
